[Music]
i remember
um being told that rupert murdoch had
asked me to sing at his wedding to wendy
deng
and it would take place on his yacht
[Music]
i had been told by my management that he
had specifically asked for me to sing pa
zoom and when i raised my management the
point that um piezo was actually a
requiem
which is a funeral song and he said
he didn't care whether it was a funeral
song he liked that song and he wanted me
to sing it which i did
[Music]
and i remember um
being told that you know the the offer
of money or the offer of
of the favor in order to basically get
good press
and i also remember being 13 and
thinking
why on earth would anybody take a favor
over a hundred thousand pounds
[Music]
um but being advised by management and
by
certain members of the record company um
to take the latter option that he was a
very very powerful man
i was in the early stages of my career
and could absolutely do
with a favor of this magnitude
and yeah i sang i sang at the ceremony
[Music]
me